Update config-remote-storage.md (#9374)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/config-guide/remote-storage/config-remote-storage.md

Remote storage is available in version 2.4.2 and later only. See the [2.4.2 release notes]({{page.baseurl}}/release-notes/open-source-2-4-2.html).

{:.bs-callout-info}

> The Remote storage module has a _limited_ support on {{site.data.var.ece}}.

Reviewer: It could be helpful to indicate what is or is not supported. Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
The Remote storage module has _limited_ support on {{site.data.var.ece}}. Adobe cannot fully troubleshoot the third-party storage adapter service.
```
